1. optional long in if long in take information on time spend on page, and answers.
2. lesson short 
3. tension between smooth relay and searchable text
4. speech to text is pretty good
5. reading text in a human way 
6. test on a range of things 
7. balance between different learners (text is fine for lots of)
8. check spelling 
9. Human factors Pr. Haywaard
10. does the title of the page really explain.
11. The home page should have a little bit about me/organization and to get more details click about link
move mission to home page 
12. look at python site he is contributing to ruinstone.academy
13. Facilitator 
14. Make clear in the paragraph that it is for the facilitator and the public and there is path for each.
15. talk to social science /use for system improvemnt verses publishing speak with Prof. Tyson
16. So sociology department
17. mock ups of pecies of all ideas/ present at research symposium conrete junks

Troubleshooting Notes
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25050012/javascript-not-working-in-script-tags

Research Notes

Collecting user data- user data is any type pf data generated by people interacting with yur products. 
1. Explicit data: refers to data given by the user directly (name, email, phone number etc.)
    -obtained by using forms, surveys,or asking users to share data from other profiles. 
2. Implicit user data: is not provided by the user directly. It is collected by analyzing data from user interactions or from exsisting
explicit data.
    -obtained from behavior-based analytices like session duration, pages visited, or devide profile.
    -also can be inferences made from provided data.
3. data aquited from external partieis can be explicit or implicit.
4. personally identifiable information: more sensitive in nature. 
Benefits of user data: 
1. improved product development and design 
2. creating personalized experinces and reaching relevant audiences
3. audinting perposes (could help with grant funding one day)
Privacy and Anonimity issues 
1. implementing privacy policy
    -what specific information you plan to collect and store
    -how you intend to use the data
    -how the data may be shared with external parties
    -how users may opt-out of certain collection or sharing 
    -how users may access or remove their data
    -how users can find out when policies change 
2. getting permision or informed consent
3. limiot the data collected and stored 
 